alright good taste good good night you
would have a duel terminal tomato it's
not even get word crackpot it's like
this before no oh oh gosh Mobb Deep's
dust zorg good it's running away like a
coward summon that darn easy I way hit a
freaking pound tongue horse had to have
been banned back to us yeah which angers
me like yeah boss
thousand yeah oh yeah 20 okay what a man
I like the way you play Glenn just to
share you Rick I said your name so it's
cool Douglas I'll definitely not let her
rip yeah 650 time I've anyone cared
except for caffeine across well good
boom should have brought my big lens the
water went deep hey pretty bad said in
my last video everything that was what's
up set my clock that now be that killer
yep
go 26 inches bitch I'm sitting crooked I
heard that somewhere before no no
cars you're so awesome with the glare
the top of the sleeve looks gold yeah
like is that awesome orange oh sweet ice
what you guys yes so deep deep sea
davidb take that like a man I was like
oh you play calling you all right now
sorry guys I'm Tamara check lettuce 26 a
bit too powerful just gonna go for the
gold yeah
well you have a crime are ways to only
one that's my a judge ya gotta get this
forward I don't have him funny yeah yeah
I should be doing commentary on what
cards are being something we see that am
Douglas finger deep I can't I can't get
game d I love this formats like you can
get a deed my deep I mean special cyber
attack I know but it's alright because
this format was a problem just saying it
was now look what we have hi I'm a
faggot that I saw the toilet here to be
fucking russian girl otherwise 15 28 min
um good dougie ain't give me a head then
he starts creeping you oh sure he might
didn't even guys dog go dirty Corey drop
scores Chris Iggy there's the Reaper mmm
and weights up those deeps he could it
just went like hardcore like raw and
uncut sorry I had to say that during
some video it's not right I don't know
whatever you'll know it's just gonna
think of that what do you guys think of
it 75 desolation Chris me yeah you are
slut oh there it is that's my song
my camera it's not curious now I think
this made us my tribute that tomato yeah
well finally get that preemie I know no
dirty know what happen it could hit any
other card known even game behind the
free me mmhmm yeah whatever not you got
how to play that shit this I would just
thinking about ya now I get your rebirth
good I could just see him ripping a card
and members say breakers e massacre yeah
that we ready ready oh you're popping
dan I'm popping okay just hang in there
it's easy I never your mom process okay
sorry it comes Abbas org I feel it yes
so yet 700
speakers 700